welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
gerald's game
jesse and gerald arrive at an isolated
lake house in fairhope
alabama for some time away while gerald
takes viagra
jessie feeds a stray dog outside but
when re-entering the house leaves the
door open
jessie changes into a new slip placing
the tag on a shelf above the bed
and practices sexy poses
gerald takes a second viagra and leaves
his glass of water on the same shelf
he restrains jessie with one set of
handcuffs on each wrist locked to the
bed posts
she seems a bit surprised by this but
goes along
he begins to enact a stranger rape
fantasy
telling her to scream for help knowing
no one will hear
she half-heartedly plays along but soon
becomes uncomfortable
telling him to stop and uncuff her he
replies
what if i won't after a heated argument
in which he accuses her of not even
trying to rekindle their relationship
gerald dies of a heart attack falling
onto the floor
leaving jesse trapped in the handcuffs
a few hours pass the dog
enters through the open door and jesse
tries to scare it away
but it bites a chunk out of gerald's arm
and eats it
gerald stands up and begins talking
reacting to the missing skin and muscle
on his arm
but jesse notices his body remains on
the floor
he taunts jesse about the truths of
their strained marriage
and his erectile dysfunction he then
informs her that she has wasted hours
already doing nothing
and she is beginning to suffer from
dehydration and fatigue
jessie miraculously pulls a hand out of
a cuff and breaks free
she gloats to gerald but then turns
around and tells herself
the ones still trapped that it is easy
to escape
gerald and the self assured jessie tell
things about herself and gerald that she
never had the courage to acknowledge
they trigger her to remember the glass
of water above the bed
which she is able to reach but cannot
bring all the way to her mouth
the hallucinations remind her of the tag
she put on the shelf
which she rolls into a drinking straw in
order to reach the water
jessie falls asleep wakes up in the dark
and sees a tall deformed obscured figure
who reveals a bag of various bones and
trinkets
she closes her eyes saying you're not
real
but gerald appears to say that the
figure is death waiting to take her
gerald begins to call jessie mouse which
unsettles
her this triggers a memory of her father
tom who affectionately referred to her
as mouse
having her sit on his lap while he
masturbates to her when she was 12
as the two watched a solar eclipse
as jessie loses feeling in her arm
gerald and jessie's vision of herself
taunt her that she never recovered from
the assault
and that she married a man just like her
father
gerald teases jessie about the
disfigured man she saw
whom he calls the man made of moonlight
and points out what he suspects as a
bloody footprint on the floor
jessie remembers cutting her hand the
night of the assault after she squeezed
a glass too hard when her mother asked
her about the eclipse
the adult jessie smashes the water glass
and cuts her wrist in a way that enables
her to peel back the skin
allowing her bloody hand to slip through
the cuff
she drags the bed to the key and unlocks
her other hand
she drinks water and bandages her wrist
but then passes out on the floor from
blood loss and fatigue
when she wakes the man-made of moonlight
is at the end of the hall
and she gives him her wedding ring for
his trinket bag
she makes it to her car and drives away
but sees the man again in the back seat
the car crashes into a tree but people
from a nearby house come out
six months later jessie is writing a
letter to her 12 year old self
struggling to write with her wounded
hand
voice overs and scenes describe how she
had pretended to have amnesia
over the whole ordeal of being trapped
avoiding painful questions
she used some of gerald's life insurance
to start a foundation for victims of
sexual abuse
but each night the man made of moonlight
still appears before her as she falls
asleep
her wedding ring was never found in the
house and she learned from the news
about a serial killer with acromegaly
who digs up crypts
stealing bones and jewels and eats the
faces of male corpses
this explains why he didn't harm jesse
in the house and also why gerald's face
was disfigured
jesse arrives at court as the moonlight
man is being sentenced
and calls for his attention he quotes
what she said before leaving the house
indicating that he was in fact there at
the time
seeing also gerald's and tom's face
where his face as
she says you're so much smaller than i
remember
and walks triumphantly out into the
street with the sunlight gleaming down
on her
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos